4.5 release page (#1138)
godotengine/godot-website: collections/_release_4_5/entry-scripting-gdextension-allow-calling-object-set-script-instance-from-gdextension.md

---
type: entry
section: scripting
subsection: gdextension
rank: 1
importance: 4
anchor: allow-calling-object-set-script-instance-from-gdextension

> title: Allow calling `Object::set_script_instance()` from GDExtension

Reviewer: This is such a small feature, I'm not totally sure we need to call it out in the release notes?

Author: I can remove it!

text: |
  Great news for scripting language support in Godot!

>   This new feature makes it easier to implement GDExtensions that add scripting languages support. There's now better parity with adding scripting languages via a Godot module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  This new feature makes it easier to implement GDExtensions that add scripting language support. This improves parity with adding scripting languages via a Godot module.
```
Or similar, no plural also
